ROX-32265: Update docs for base image detection (#106054)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/base-image-vulnerabilities.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="base-image-vulnerabilities_{context}"]

> = View vulnerabilities in base images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= View vulnerabilities from base images
```

The reason is because we do not scan the base images; We scan the application images, but then, we allow filtering in the UI and reports which vulnerabilities in those application images are coming from base images.

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use {product-title} ({product-title-short}) identify base images that are used in the container applications that your developers build. {product-title-short} can then provide information about vulnerabilities that exist in base image layers so that you can assign remediation tasks to the correct teams. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use {product-title} ({product-title-short}) to identify the base images used by the container applications your developers build. {product-title-short} then reports vulnerabilities in both base image layers and application layers, allowing remediation work to be routed to the teams responsible for each.
```
